---
title: "Sleepwalkers Newcomersin kuulumiset Tampere Beginnersista  ."
description: "Sleepwalkersin uudemmat pelaajat suuntasivat 20.10.2018 kohti Tampereen jokavuotista aloittelijaturnausta. Reissu oli Newcomers -joukkueen kauden ensimmäinen kisamatka. Lue alta Newcomersin turnausraportti Tampere Beginnersista. Sleepwalkers Newcomers set its course towards Tampere Beginners tournament early on. Along the way there was some uncertainty about the player roster due to some unexpected events. But once the tournament destination was"
date: 2018-10-29
image: /images/blog/IMG_20181020_165023-1.jpg
alt:
ogImage: /images/blog/IMG_20181020_165023-1.jpg
tags: []
published: true
---
**Sleepwalkersin uudemmat pelaajat suuntasivat 20.10.2018 kohti Tampereen jokavuotista aloittelijaturnausta. Reissu oli Newcomers -joukkueen kauden ensimmäinen kisamatka. Lue alta Newcomersin turnausraportti Tampere Beginnersista.**

:BlogImage{src="/images/blog/IMG_20181020_165023-1.jpg" alt=""}

Sleepwalkers Newcomers set its course towards Tampere Beginners tournament early on. Along the way there was some uncertainty about the player roster due to some unexpected events. But once the tournament destination was reached and the team gathered with six newcomers and two reinforcing “experienced” players, enthusiasm to play and the level of Spirit of the Game was higher than Tamppi Areena’s ceiling. Together we decided that our only goals were to have fun and improve our ultimate skills.

As a team with players who hadn’t had the chance to practice together, there were some hiccups in the beginning trying to find one’s teammates on the playing field. The first two games were tough. Our opponents were well coordinated and had clearly practiced as a team, but we valiantly fought back and focused on raising our spirits and the level of our game with the power of positive feedback. And like a reliable diesel engine, our play run smoother and smoother as the games and the tournament went on. The third and the last game of the day against Disquitos was already a pretty close match, but the opponent had quick moves and formidable threat on their upper field that they didn’t hesitate to utilise. We would have needed at least one more game to reach our peak, but that game will have to take place at another tournament. Sleepwalkers may have left Tampere without any victories, but the overall trip was a success and a positive experience for all of our players.

> “Playing ultimate is always great fun, but perhaps the most positive experience at the Tampere Beginners was the general welcoming atmosphere of the tournament. Teams were eager to play for the win, but respect towards other players was there before, during and after the games.”

We definitely reached our goals for fun and improvement, and made a couple of new ultimate friends along the way. In the end we would like to thank TT-Lätty for organising the tournament, and we hope that there will be a tournament like this at beginning of the next season. The Sleepwalkers Newcomers will continue their adventure at the Tampere Syysturnaus on 10.11.2018. How many players can we gather this time? Will we get our first victory of the season? Stay tuned for the next post!

\-JSW Newcomers
