---
title: "About"
---
## Sleepwalkers Ultimate ry

::row
  ::column
    Sleepwalkers is an ultimate frisbee club based in Jyväskylä.

    Jyväskylä Sleepwalkers is an ultimate team founded in 1999, welcoming new players at all times. Prior experience in the sport is not necessary, but experience in disc golf and team ball sports may be advantageous. Activities cater to competitive players, dedicated recreational athletes, and casual players. Those joining Sleepwalkers can participate in recreational and competitive tournaments if desired, but attending only training sessions is also possible.

    Ultimate is divided into three categories: open, women's, and mixed. Sleepwalkers competes in all categories but specializes in mixed play. All training sessions are inherently open to all genders.

    The emphasis on mixed play is also reflected in the team's sports achievements. Sleepwalkers has won several bronze medals in the mixed category in recent years, both in indoor and outdoor seasons – not forgetting beach ultimate. In the 2020 clubs' indoor European Championship tournament, Sleepwalkers finished eighth in the mixed category.
  ::
  ::column{.col-12 .col-md-6}
    ::BlogImage{ src="/images/about1.jpg" alt="Ultimatea"}
      Image: rutanen.kuvat.fi
    ::
  ::
::

::row
  ::column{.col-12 .col-md-6}
    ::BlogImage{ src="/images/about2.jpg" alt="Ultimatea"}
      Image: rutanen.kuvat.fi
    ::
  ::
  ::column
    ## Ultimate

    Ultimate is a non-contact team sport played with a flying disc, drawing influences from handball, American football, and basketball. Ultimate games, even at the highest levels, are played without referees, relying on self-officiation. Learn more: What is ultimate?

    Ultimate is easy to start regardless of age and suitable for participants of all skill levels. This versatile sport provides constant challenges and opportunities for rapid improvement for dedicated athletes. Previous sports background and focused training can lead to reaching the national elite level, even if one starts the sport as an adult. On the other hand, ultimate can be played purely for recreation by people of all ages.

    Read more about ultimate on [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ultimate_(sport)).
  ::
::
